Add bulk (6 & S8) figure captions (#151)
AlexsLemonade/ScPCA-manuscript: content/100.figure-table-legends.md

Heatmap cells are colored by the Jaccard similarity index.
A value of 1 means that there is complete overlap between which cells are annotated with the two labels being compared, and a value of 0 means that there is no overlap between which cells are annotated with the two labels being compared.
The heatmap shown is from library `SCPCL000498` [@doi:10.1016/j.devcel.2022.04.003].
<br><br>

<!-- Figure 6 -->
![**Comparison of bulk and pseudobulk modalities.**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-paper-figures/main/figures/compiled_figures/pngs/figure_6.png?sanitize=true){#fig:fig6 tag="6" width="7in"}

> A. Scatter plots colored by point density of `DESeq2`-transformed and normalized bulk expression across pseudobulk expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A. Scatter plots colored by point density of `DESeq2`-transformed and normalized bulk RNA-seq expression compared to pseudobulk expression from single-cell/nuclei RNA-seq.
```
We should be specific about what bulk and pseudobulk comes from.

> Samples with both bulk and single-cell/nuclei modalities from ScPCA projects comprising brain and central nervous system tumors are shown, with the number of samples per panel shown in parentheses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Samples with RNA-seq for both bulk and single-cell/nuclei modalities, excluding multiplexed samples, from ScPCA projects comprising brain and central nervous system tumors are shown, with the number of samples per panel shown in parentheses.
```
Again just being more specific.

The regression line is also shown for each project.
Results from additional projects are shown in Figure {@fig:figS8}A.

B. Odds ratios from overrepresentation analysis for the same samples shown in panel A, colored by FDR-corrected significance.

> Each odds ratio represents the odds that marker genes for the given cell type were overrepresented in the bulk modality, relative to other genes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each odds ratio represents the odds that marker genes for the given cell type were overrepresented in bulk RNA-seq when compared to single-cell/nuclei RNA-seq, relative to other genes.
```

This heatmap is only shown in the cell type summary report if submitters provided cell type annotations.
Heatmap cells are colored by the Jaccard similarity index.
A value of 1 means that there is complete overlap between which cells are annotated with the two labels being compared, and a value of 0 means that there is no overlap between which cells are annotated with the two labels being compared.
<br><br>

<!-- Figure S8 -->
![**Comparison of bulk and pseudobulk modalities for additional projects.**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-paper-figures/main/figures/compiled_figures/pngs/figure_s8.png?sanitize=true){#fig:figS8 tag="S8" width="7in"}

A. Scatter plots colored by point density of `DESeq2`-transformed and normalized bulk RNA-seq expression compared to pseudobulk expression from single-nuclei RNA-seq.

> Projects with RNA-seq for both bulk and single-cell/nuclei modalities that are not displayed in Figure {@fig:fig6}A are shown, and all projects shown here are single-nuclei.
> The number of samples considered per project is shown in parentheses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects with RNA-seq for both bulk and single-cell/nuclei modalities that are not displayed in Figure {@fig:fig6}A are shown. 
All samples shown here are single-nuclei, and the number of samples considered per project is shown in parentheses.
```
Maybe a little bit better?

This heatmap is only shown in the cell type summary report if submitters provided cell type annotations.
Heatmap cells are colored by the Jaccard similarity index.
A value of 1 means that there is complete overlap between which cells are annotated with the two labels being compared, and a value of 0 means that there is no overlap between which cells are annotated with the two labels being compared.
<br><br>

<!-- Figure S8 -->
![**Comparison of bulk and pseudobulk modalities for additional projects.**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-paper-figures/main/figures/compiled_figures/pngs/figure_s8.png?sanitize=true){#fig:figS8 tag="S8" width="7in"}

> A. Scatter plots colored by point density of `DESeq2`-transformed and normalized bulk expression across pseudobulk expression.

Reviewer: Just noting to make the same changes here as mentioned above.

> Samples with both bulk and single-cell/nuclei modalities, excluding multiplexed samples, are shown, with the number of samples per panel shown in parentheses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Samples with RNA-seq of both bulk and single-cell/nuclei modalities that are not displayed in Figure 6 are shown, with the number of samples per panel shown in parentheses.
```
I think the note about multiplexed samples needs to be in the legend for figure 6, not here. Also note that this shows the rest of the samples?
